d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\obj\Release\Main.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\obj\Release\App.g.cs
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\obj\Release\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\obj\Release\SoccerFive Manager_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\obj\Release\SoccerFive Manager_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\SoccerFive Manager.exe.config
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\SoccerFive Manager.exe
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\SoccerFive Manager.pdb
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\CalendarModule.dll
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\ClubModule.dll
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\CommonLibrary.dll
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\MainMenuModule.dll
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\MatchEngineModule.dll
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\Prism.dll
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\TeamModule.dll
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\TopBannerModule.dll
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\CalendarModule.pdb
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\ClubModule.pdb
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\TeamModule.pdb
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\TopBannerModule.pdb
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\CommonLibrary.pdb
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\MainMenuModule.pdb
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\MatchEngineModule.pdb
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\Prism.xml
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\obj\Release\SoccerFive Manager.g.resources
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\obj\Release\Main.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\obj\Release\Main.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\obj\Release\SoccerFive Manager.exe
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\obj\Release\SoccerFive Manager.pdb
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\TacticModule.dll
d:\Profiles\qMidy\Desktop\Perso\SoccerFiveManager-master\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\TacticModule.pdb
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\SoccerFive Manager.exe.config
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\SoccerFive Manager.exe
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\SoccerFive Manager.pdb
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\CalendarModule.dll
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\ClubModule.dll
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\CommonLibrary.dll
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\MainMenuModule.dll
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\MatchEngineModule.dll
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\Prism.dll
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\TacticModule.dll
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\TeamModule.dll
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\TopBannerModule.dll
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\CalendarModule.pdb
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\ClubModule.pdb
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\TacticModule.pdb
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\TeamModule.pdb
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\TopBannerModule.pdb
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\CommonLibrary.pdb
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\MainMenuModule.pdb
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\MatchEngineModule.pdb
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\bin\Release\Prism.xml
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\obj\Release\Main.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\obj\Release\App.g.cs
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\obj\Release\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\obj\Release\SoccerFive Manager_MarkupCompile.cache
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\obj\Release\SoccerFive Manager_MarkupCompile.lref
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\obj\Release\SoccerFive Manager.g.resources
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\obj\Release\Main.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\obj\Release\Main.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\obj\Release\SoccerFive Manager.exe
E:\SoccerFiveManagerGit\SoccerFiveManager\SoccerFive Manager\obj\Release\SoccerFive Manager.pdb
